// ljstats sounds
sound/misc/perfect.wav
sound/misc/mod_wickedsick.wav
sound/misc/mod_godlike.wav
sound/misc/holyshit.wav
sound/misc/impressive.wav
// kemono friends models
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/back_hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/back_hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/back_head.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/back_head.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/bowtie.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/bowtie.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/chest_shirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/chest_shirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/clothes1.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/clothes1.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/clothes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/clothes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/dizzy_eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/dizzy_eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ears2.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ears2.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ears.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ears.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/eyebrow.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/eyebrow.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/eyelash.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/eyelash.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/eye_shine.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/eye_shine.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/face.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/face.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/geeks.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/geeks.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/hair2.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/hair2.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/hands.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/hands.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/heart.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/heart.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/highlight_eye.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/highlight_eye.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/iris.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/iris.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/legs.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/legs.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/long_hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/long_hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/mouth.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/mouth.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/neck.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/neck.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/normal_eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/normal_eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/nose.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/nose.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/panties.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/panties.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/pupil.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/pupil.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ribbon.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ribbon.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/round_eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/round_eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/shirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/shirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/shoes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/shoes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/skirt1.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/skirt1.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/skirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/skirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/square.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/square.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/star.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/star.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/stockings.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/stockings.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/tail.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/tail.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/tie.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/tie.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/unknown.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/unknown.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/back hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/back hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/collar neck.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/collar neck.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/collar ribbon.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/collar ribbon.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/ears.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/ears.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/eyebrow.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/eyebrow.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/face.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/face.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/for highlight.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/for highlight.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/front hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/front hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/hands.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/hands.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/heart.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/heart.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/legs.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/legs.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/nagomi.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/nagomi.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/neck.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/neck.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/panties.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/panties.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/rape eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/rape eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/ribbon.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/ribbon.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/round eye.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/round eye.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/shirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/shirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/shoes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/shoes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/skirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/skirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/star.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/star.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/tail.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/tail.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/tongue.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/fennec/tongue.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/back_hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/back_hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/chest.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/chest.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/ears.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/ears.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/empty_iris.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/empty_iris.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/eyebrow.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/eyebrow.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/face.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/face.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/front_hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/front_hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/hands.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/hands.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/heart.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/heart.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/iris.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/iris.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/legs.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/legs.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/mouth.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/mouth.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/nagomi.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/nagomi.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/neck_fur.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/neck_fur.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/nose.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/nose.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/panties.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/panties.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/round_eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/round_eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/shine.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/shine.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/shirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/shirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/shoes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/shoes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/skin_hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/skin_hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/skirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/skirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/star.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/star.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/tail.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/tail.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/tie.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/tie.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/accessoryribbonuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/accessoryribbonuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/backhairuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/backhairuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/backheadpartuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/backheadpartuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/butttailgoldwith.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/butttailgoldwith.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/calmuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/calmuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/coatuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/coatuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/facialwhenbodyuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/facialwhenbodyuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/for inner use.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/for inner use.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/handuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/handuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/highlightuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/highlightuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/knowhouse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/knowhouse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/legbaguse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/legbaguse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/lowergroundhairuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/lowergroundhairuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/loweruselessuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/loweruselessuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/mayustranduse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/mayustranduse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/monkeybodybody3use.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/monkeybodybody3use.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/noseheaduse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/noseheaduse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/ribbonuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/ribbonuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/shirtuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/shirtuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/skirtuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/skirtuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/tongueuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/tongueuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/backhairuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/backhairuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/backheadpartuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/backheadpartuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/calmuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/calmuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/coatuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/coatuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/facialwhenbodyuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/facialwhenbodyuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/foot.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/foot.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/for inner use.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/for inner use.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/fronthairuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/fronthairuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/handuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/handuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/highlightuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/highlightuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/knowhouse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/knowhouse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/lowerfause.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/lowerfause.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/mayustranduse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/mayustranduse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/monkeybodybodyuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/monkeybodybodyuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/neck warmeruse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/neck warmeruse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/noseheaduse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/noseheaduse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/ribbonuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/ribbonuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/skirtuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/skirtuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/tongueuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/raccoon/tongueuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/back.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/back.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/ears.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/ears.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyebrow.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyebrow.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyeglass.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyeglass.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyes2.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyes2.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/eyes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/face.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/face.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glass_metal.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glass_metal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/hair2.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/hair2.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/hair.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/hair.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/hands.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/hands.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/highlight.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/highlight.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/lens.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/lens.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/mouth.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/mouth.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/nagomi.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/nagomi.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/nose_pad.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/nose_pad.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/nose.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/nose.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/panties.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/panties.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/ribbon.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/ribbon.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/round.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/round.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/shirt2.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/shirt2.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/shirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/shirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/shoes.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/shoes.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/skirt.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/skirt.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/stock.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/stock.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/tail.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/tail.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/tie.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/tie.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/backhairuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/backhairuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/backheadpartuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/backheadpartuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/calmuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/calmuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/coatuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/coatuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/facialwhenbodyuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/facialwhenbodyuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/foot.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/foot.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/for inner use.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/for inner use.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/for neck warmers.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/for neck warmers.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/handuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/handuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/highlightuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/highlightuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/lightwarptexture.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/lowerfor fa.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/lowerfor fa.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/lowergroundhairuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/lowergroundhairuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/mayustranduse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/mayustranduse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/monkeybodybodyuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/monkeybodybodyuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/necktieuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/necktieuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/normal.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/noseheaduse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/noseheaduse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/phong_exp.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/shirtuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/shirtuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/skirtuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/skirtuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tailuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tailuse.vtf
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tongueuse.vmt
materials/models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tongueuse.vtf
models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ezo_red_fox_player_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ezo_red_fox_player_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ezo_red_fox_player_tpose.mdl
models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ezo_red_fox_player_tpose.phy
models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ezo_red_fox_player_tpose.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/ezo_red_fox/ezo_red_fox_player_tpose.vvd
models/kemono_friends/fennec/fennec_player_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/fennec/fennec_player_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/fennec/fennec_player_tpose.mdl
models/kemono_friends/fennec/fennec_player_tpose.phy
models/kemono_friends/fennec/fennec_player_tpose.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/fennec/fennec_player_tpose.vvd
models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/gray_wolf_player_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/gray_wolf_player_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/gray_wolf_player_tpose.mdl
models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/gray_wolf_player_tpose.phy
models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/gray_wolf_player_tpose.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/gray_wolf/gray_wolf_player_tpose.vvd
models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/oinari_sama_player_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/oinari_sama_player_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/oinari_sama_player_tpose.mdl
models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/oinari_sama_player_tpose.phy
models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/oinari_sama_player_tpose.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/oinari_sama/oinari_sama_player_tpose.vvd
models/kemono_friends/raccoon/raccoon_player_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/raccoon/raccoon_player_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/raccoon/raccoon_player_tpose.mdl
models/kemono_friends/raccoon/raccoon_player_tpose.phy
models/kemono_friends/raccoon/raccoon_player_tpose.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/raccoon/raccoon_player_tpose.vvd
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glasses.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glasses.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glasses.mdl
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glasses.phy
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glasses.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/glasses.vvd
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/silver_fox_player_tpose3.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/silver_fox_player_tpose3.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/silver_fox_player_tpose3.mdl
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/silver_fox_player_tpose3.phy
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/silver_fox_player_tpose3.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/silver_fox/silver_fox_player_tpose3.vvd
models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tibetan_sand_fox_player_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tibetan_sand_fox_player_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tibetan_sand_fox_player_tpose.mdl
models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tibetan_sand_fox_player_tpose.phy
models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tibetan_sand_fox_player_tpose.sw.vtx
models/kemono_friends/tibetan_sand_fox/tibetan_sand_fox_player_tpose.vvd
// paimon... obviously
models/paimon_tpose.dx80.vtx
models/paimon_tpose.dx90.vtx
models/paimon_tpose.mdl
models/paimon_tpose.sw.vtx
models/paimon_tpose.vvd
materials/models/paimon/mat_0001.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0002.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0003.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0004.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0005.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0006.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0007.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat_0008.vmt
materials/models/paimon/mat1.vtf
materials/models/paimon/mat2.vtf
materials/models/paimon/mat4.vtf
materials/models/paimon/mat7.vtf
materials/models/paimon/mat8.vtf
materials/models/paimon/mc3.vtf
materials/models/paimon/toon.vtf
// new lines cause problems...